# Website Review 

## Comparison with another website

I am going to compare my Camp China website to 2 other websites, BBC News and Facebook. On the BBC website, there is a lot more information and pictures on the first page. The information and pictures sit on a white background. On my website, I don't have a lot of images and all the information sits on a background image. The BBC website has more than 13 pages, form the home page to the video and pictures page. My website only has 5 pages, Home, About, Gallery, Travel and Shop. On my gallery page, I have a background video that automatically plays when you enter the page. The only major feature I'm missing from my website that the BBC website has is a sitemap. Sitemaps are very important because it contains a list of the pages for the website. The only thing that stands out between my website and the BBC website is, my website has a header and a footer, the header contains the name of the website and the footer contains the copyright logo. 
Facebook is a social media website, so it will have a lot more information than my website. But unlike mine with the background image, Facebook also keep their information and pictures on a white background like BBC's website. Facebook also have a header like my website but the difference between my header and Facebook’s header is, their header contains the Facebook logo, search bar, and some clickable icons. Facebook also has a navigation bar on the left side of the page. 

## Intended Audience and Purpose 

The Camp China Website is aimed at young adults aged 18-25 who wants to work and help the local community. The intended audience is mainly travellers. You don't need a lot of experience to join Camp China, because you'll be learning new skills and at the same time you'll be making money. There's a lot of job roles to choose from. So, any audience that have a specific skill like cooking or coaching can easily join. The purpose of the Camp China website is, it helps the user understand what camp china is about and by doing this the website aims to tell the user that Camp China is all helping young people travel and seek new opportunities abroad and while away, you'll learn new skills and get paid at the same time. 

## Legal Constraints 

There are a lot of legal constraints/rules that are important not to break when it comes to building a website. These legal constraints help prevent people from adding discrimination, offensive stereotypes, Privacy and other issues that are not enforced by the law. So, I have to be careful with all the content I add to my website. A good example of taking something that is copyrighted is the Samsung song "Over the Horizon." Since I have a background video on the gallery page, I would like an instrumental playing in the background. A good instrumental to use is the Samsung song and I can easily get it from YouTube. But I can't use this song due to legal constraints. The song is copyrighted by Samsung. Even the person that uploaded the song on YouTube said, "I don't own anything, this song is copyrighted by Samsung." You can get in huge trouble if you end up stealing any content from other companies/people, therefore it's important that I be careful with all the content I add to my website and it's very important to prevent these things from happening. 

## Strengths and Improvements

There's a lot of strengths on my website, like the background video and the slide show, but there's a lot of improvements I need to do on my website. For example, I need to add more content on the Home, Travel and Shop page. I also need to add a better background image. I need to change the position of my logo and add it in the header. One way of improving this website is adding a search bar beside my sign in and sign up buttons. It's important I suitable pictures for the website. I also need to add contact information on a separate page, this will surely improve my website. Finally, I need to add multi colours to my website because 2 colours aren’t enough.


